Meeting Title: Azure OpenAI agent framework workflow design overview
Date: Apr 21
Meeting participants: deng Patrick

Transcript:
 
Me: Something I'd say It suggests, alternative to the team. Or maybe you just simply display. Sorry. Sorry. There's no available for you. On the other hand, we may have the possibility that there there are rooms that they open. Right? And if that's the case, then what the agent can continue to do is that okay? You you can suggest booking for you. Or maybe even books a room for for the user. So plus here, this example is just illustrations or there are gonna be many different actions we can take. And then in the end, I will display the the results. So so that's a very simple case study. By designing our own workflow, Right? So although, you know, there are many concepts I guess, possibly understand the executor and nodes. The edge, you can draw your own workflow, basically. You decide the cloud to connect as there is each other, using different edge then you will be able to define a customer made workflow. And it can be very flexible. So so that's essentially what we're trying to And then in this case, study later on in the code, you will see that it has different components or concepts of power. First one is workflow builder with conditional edge. Essentially, we are using so we are using a workflow builder to build a workflow ourselves. And in this workflow, it's conditional, in a sense that the demanding model availability the sense the reason we do this is because this workflow is you know, it's straightforward, and you can actually pre design the the workflow. So we don't want rhythmics in this process. Because if it's then we should do something else. So we'll define. So we don't know probably, in in this scenario, you know, we we want to strictly control that again. That's why we designed such And then we have executor, which is agents. So in this workflow, we're gonna have notes that agents. And then we also have an executor. We also have node where maybe it's not a agent. Right? So it's just some kind of a function. So I believe in the the code, they also dentistry that. So to give you some idea, you know, how in your own workflow you may sometimes use a function, sometimes you may use, like, widgets. And then they also have this so called a identity models So this one is a is a package in Python that's very commonly used where it's like you define your data. Structure. For for people or for for output or more like for outputs. Right? And, basically, of course, you you don't have to use this, but this example have this. So which is very nice. And you can actually copy and follow in your own projects if you want to exist. So so it's a it's a nice feature Basically, it uses the pandemic model to find output structure. So that's our outputs is 12 to nine. It's not like a random style or random text. In any scenario, although we say the larger mole is not, but the, you know, the This is a problem Right? So that's the difference. And then, you know, we have tool decorator where you you can declare one tool. And then I demonstrate OpenAI check price. You can actually modify this to foundry chat agent. And all kinds. If you want, because as I said, because Azure OpenAI resources you have the API key, everybody everybody can use it. So so then moving forward, I only use this token AI chunk So here, also, I use OpenAI chat. They do allow you to actually, my understanding is that they allow you to use any model that follows open their So BipSig actually follow the So here, although I'm using OpenAI chat clients, I'm actually using Azure OpenAI. Kind of constant stuff. So so that's a a quick overview of the the small case, and the the agent is not letting me just let me switch to the virtual machine, and we'll go through those three programs with you. So that, you know, you can see how we use either app or OpenAI. As a as a agent provider in this framework. Or we can also use foundry projects. So we're gonna start with this arrow And in this program, what I did so before you move on to run this program, we need to install this package or agent ring one. So you just yeah. We install agent ring one. And it will take some time because there are lots of package dependency packages. Right? So so first time you run it, I mean, takes a few minutes, I think. Right? So make sure you run this installation first. And then I believe the latest version is 1.05. One point zero point one. Okay? And at least, you know, this morning, I checked. And afterwards, basically, I first designed defined the address, OpenAI chat clients. And I will use those Azure OpenAI credentials. That I shared with you. You know, it's the same. You know, if you open the GNV file, those are the same keys that I shared before. And so so, essentially, we can continue to use those you don't even need to log in, easy log in. And you should be able to to use run this program. But the simple way use OpenAI API. So here, I noticed that edge OpenAI is possibly good. And then afterwards, I I show you kind of some example defining Azure OpenAI agents with different started with very simple chat, and then we cooler innovator, and then some hosted tools. So OpenAI Azure OpenAI because they follow OpenAI. And people still say that if they have these responses, they do have. Right? So the newer response API is designed for agent applications. For that reason, this response API has those building web search code interpreter, File search. Of course, function calling. So all those capabilities are available in the for that reason, we applied those APIs at OpenAI API, this agent framework, You know, we can also easily get those. But, of course, Microsoft taken care of for behind the scene. Calls, they're gonna make sure those code interpreter tools that is available in this OpenAI, you know, check, can't So here, you know, let me run this code first so that when we look at the outcomes, we know what's going on. Essentially, you know, it's a main function. And this main function, I I try to kind of design four or five small agents with different paper birthdays, and they'll be gonna demonstrate next So at the beginning, we're gonna first test simple chat. Basically, yes, you can have an agent that's purely a chatbot kind of a agent. Does and we now use any tools any function calling, but it purely responds to whatever proxy that essentially is. Essentially, just using a large length of model. Capability. Right? So here, the first thing is that, you know, can you tell a joke. Right? And then this agent will it's it's just like a LN. We'll give you a then the second one is that we're gonna test coding agents. And this is trying to demonstrate the default building code interpreter tool. So the idea here is that, so now when we use this Azure OpenAI, chat this OpenAI chat lines, We will be able to assemble agent for us where it has this coding preparatory behind the scene. Right? So you need to write some program. In Paisong, and the agent framework already kind of impact this capability in this event. So that, you know, we can easily use it in this framework. It's not whereas I think it because this is a fundamental provided by the open AI, API. API. They're new use response API, we already have this capability. So that makes this very easy to achieve. Right, in this gym up. And then let's next after this coordination, right, so you see here the coding agent, we just use a very standard number Right? And that, we probably a lot of time use it to need a Python program to to get it And then the next, we test hosted the tools. This is basically I have a several tools. One is the first one is MCP. Okay. Right? And this is this is Microsoft Learn MCP. Again? Basically, we look up what kind of models are available in different regions. And this relies on real time basically. We need to use this MCP to to the search And that search will actually essentially search the Microsoft the website that we will be able to get a sound web page information, and then we can answer the other either the question. So so this is the one Microsoft Learn. MCP. Then we after that, so we have a file search. Alright? So this file search is, I have a PDF file. I pulled it to open AI. Resource. So, basically, the Microsoft Azure OpenAI, they also have a vector store. Even before foundry. Right? Let me quickly show you where that file is so that you although you may unfortunately, you may not be able to see it on your own may on your own accounts, But I have a at OpenAI, and I think let me quickly check. So let's the resource I use is Advil EA US, East US tool. Okay? So that's this resource. So under this resource, right, so this is a traditional open AI web page. You can you can deploy the models. Right? So before we look at the departments, here, those are the models that I deployed with the signal. You can use all those models. O three or o four. X, dendings, three, margins, small. GPT file or three. They are all available. And then they have a here, they have a a system in vector store. The reason is that the before the previous day, they 